Add narrative docs for WCSAxes's plot_coord and scatter_coord (#13685)
astropy/astropy: docs/visualization/wcsaxes/overlays.rst

Overplotting markers and artists
********************************

The class :class:`~astropy.visualization.wcsaxes.WCSAxes` provides two handy methods:
:meth:`~astropy.visualization.wcsaxes.WCSAxes.plot_coord`,
:meth:`~astropy.visualization.wcsaxes.WCSAxes.scatter_coord`

Used to plots and scatter respectively :class:`~astropy.coordinates.SkyCoord` or :class:`~astropy.coordinates.BaseCoordinateFrame` coordinates on the axes. The ``transform`` keyword argument will be created based on the coordinate, specifying it here will throw a :class:`~TypeError`.

> 

Author: Sure. It is done! Thanks for looking at it!

World coordinates
*****************

The class :class:`~astropy.visualization.wcsaxes.WCSAxes` provides two handy methods:
:meth:`~astropy.visualization.wcsaxes.WCSAxes.plot_coord`,
and :meth:`~astropy.visualization.wcsaxes.WCSAxes.scatter_coord`

> These are used to plot and scatter respectively :class:`~astropy.coordinates.SkyCoord` or :class:`~astropy.coordinates.BaseCoordinateFrame` coordinates on the axes.

Reviewer: [docs/common_links.txt](https://github.com/astropy/astropy/blob/8262a315917ca51a01e4cbe63fcf9000048309dd/docs/common_links.txt) defines ReST substitutions, some of which can be used here:
```suggestion
These are used to plot and scatter respectively |SkyCoord| or |BaseFrame| coordinates on the axes.
```

World coordinates
*****************

The class :class:`~astropy.visualization.wcsaxes.WCSAxes` provides two handy methods:
:meth:`~astropy.visualization.wcsaxes.WCSAxes.plot_coord`,
:meth:`~astropy.visualization.wcsaxes.WCSAxes.scatter_coord`

> Used to plots and scatter respectively :class:`~astropy.coordinates.SkyCoord` or :class:`~astropy.coordinates.BaseCoordinateFrame` coordinates on the axes. The ``transform`` keyword argument will be created based on the coordinate, specifying it here will throw a :class:`~TypeError`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Used to plot and scatter respectively :class:`~astropy.coordinates.SkyCoord` or :class:`~astropy.coordinates.BaseCoordinateFrame` coordinates on the axes.
The ``transform`` keyword argument will be created based on the coordinate, specifying it here will throw a :class:`~TypeError`.
```

> All such Matplotlib commands allow a ``transform=`` argument to be passed,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In addition to these methods, all regular Matplotlib commands also allow a ``transform=`` argument to be passed,
```
